People stop
Stop it, you're crazy, you're going to set fire
What are you doing?
You have to wait until the corpse is out of control
Do you regret it when you come back?
This worship of ancestors is just and righteous, and it has sacrificed blood to serve policy
With the heart of a mortal
God slays the unhumiliated
Merit
You living thing
Take it with full force
Only suffer from dermabrasion cramps
Full of boning pain
It doesn't matter if you die or not
But insult all merit
That's a sin
Get your hands off me!
You care about him
This trash has been touched.
Love about this
Really insulting
He must die
Yeah.
Since he wants to die
You fulfill him
Good-hearted homeowners
Even in the face of such a heinous person
Be kind.
Don't lose heart for such villains
If I say so, I will rectify him on the spot
To prevent future troubles
Rational
I really offended that big guy because of him
I will be implicated later.
multi-learning homework
Look how nervous you are
Presumptuous people can be without teachers
But not without fear
Nowhere for the Qing army and its northward advance
Led tens of thousands of soldiers to charge
Bloody fight
Defend the country with flesh and blood
This is in exchange for my Baidu today's Enchang
Justice, morality and righteousness come from the blood of hundreds of ethnic groups
The heart of the people
Only the Qing army could pick up that look
Uh-huh.